# 5

Today's puzzle was ok. It still is taking a while to solve this way but I feel better about accurately representing the problem and it's objects rather than quickly solving the puzzle. I realize this might not be the way to solve coding challenges popular in interviews but that's not how I got my current job and I think doing it this way has it's own merit. I should be able to more easily modify the code in the future to accommodate changes to the conditions or parameters. Doing the second part of the puzzle was rather easy since I had everything rather modular.

One thing I learned/remembered today was that structuredClone() is new and not a part of implementing everywhere yet (I need to upgrade my node version and wait for jest to update).

For the challenge today, I created an interface to limit the ways in which I could interact with the array that was more in line with a stack. When part two basically broke the base assumptions of a stack I had to add a method to the interface which meant it was not a stack really (I could have popped multiple times and reversed but I didn't want to do that). What I think I would've done with more time is to create a custom class which basically override the stack splice to a better name like take(num: number). Or perhaps creating interfaces and classes like a ICrane (CrateMover9000 and CrateMover9001 implementing that) and a CrateStack (just an array) so the ICrane can operate on the CrateStack. However, this may be adding too much structure to such a problem. I still struggle with scoping and over complication of a problem.
